**Figure 1.  A Consistent Signature of Fecal Microbiota at the genus level is Associated with Roux-en-Y Gastric Bypass Surgery Across 16S rRNA Studies.**  (A) Principal coordinate analysis using Bray-Curtis distance was performed on the fecal microbiota composition at the genus level.  Samples are clustered by study, suggesting significant differences present across studies. (B) A similar ordination plot to A is shown with pre-surgical samples (0) and post-surgical samples (1) specified for each dataset. (C & D) log~10~ p-value versus log~10~ p-value plots are generated using the unadjusted p-values from mixed linear models comparing log~10~  normalized count of taxa at each timepoint compared to baseline with patient ID as random effects. Upper right-quadrant show taxa that were enhanced and decreased, respectively, in two different studies, (C) or at two different timepoints within a study (D). Spearman rank-order correlation was used to test the consistency of changes in taxa after RYGB between studies or within studies. Taxa with unadjusted p < 0.05 in both studies or at both timepoints within a study are annotated. All pairwise comparisons between and within studies are shown in Supplementary Figure 2. (E) Boxplots show the correlation coefficients from Spearman rank-order correlations between and within studies. Wilcoxon signed-rank test was used to compare the correlation coefficients (* adjusted p < 0.05). Post-surgery time for Afshar study was assumed to be 6 months based on Afshar et al 2018. (F) Boxplots show correlation coefficients between different studies or between different timepoints in a study. 
